during the tapings for the Disney Hall
of Presidents yes it's called Hall of
Presidents is one of our classic Disney
attractions that was actually designed
by Walt Disney himself and he always
described as as this grand cavalcade of
history that features every president
who's ever served to the United States
of America what's so great about this
and every other Disney endeavors we are
such sticklers for attention to detail
so everything about this shows is
accurate for all the men that are on
stage as possible we've done hours and
years of research on each of the
characters each of the figures to make
that his lifelike and as fun and as
believable as possible so I'm excited to
include this president in our
presentations hey guys how are you
this is basically the stage setup
explain little store are these like wax
figures are in Oliver's
audio-animatronics animatronic robots
for their robots that's got a Disney
pulse monitor in price and this is one
of one example of they're pretty good
basically all of them sculpted by our
master sculptor ray Gibson of our
business
this is actually you let's say
development development
yes and where it's strictly filming it
forever all right
the American Dream is as old as our
family but as timeless as our hopes it
is reborn every day in the heart of
every child who wakes up in a land of
limitless possibilities in a country
where we